then make sure your board is firm it's
not moving you need to be comfortable
your knife that you're comfortable
Heights the most basic and poor thing is
to have a nice clean sharp knife that's
that's the basic I've always take care
of your knives if you've got good knife
skills it makes the job a lot easier a
lot quicker to produce the food you know
keep your tools sharp keep keep per your
tools nice and clean if it's not ice
broken replace it get a new one
you know this there's lots of different
knives that come on the market but you
must keep them sharp girl odds is a very
easy fish it's really so you'd go in the
head slide down is one two movements
turn it over and do exactly the same on
the other side it's a very simple fish
to fill it if you've got a blunt knife
you're go in there if you're cutting it
like a saw that will destroy the texture
of the fish your night should be sharp
you go in slide along very very simple
like fish again is a very simple fish
you just get the tail we should get
there's a lot of skin so you just pinch
up the skin like if you you know grab a
hare or rabbit you know put your knife
in the skin slide that through and then
pull it back with your hand then you get
the knife at the top of the fish and
just slide down the bone again very
simple movement
now shellfish longer steamed when it's
cooked you cut through the head straight
for the head the thing with a shellfish
it gives you a mark gives you like a
cross so it helps you put your sharp
knife point down through the head flip
it round down the body easy peasy
the thing is when you get to the claws
now some people use the other side of
the knife but I don't agree with that I
think you should use the heel of the
knife a thick knife you cut it on the
claw just get the heel in and then twist
that will break the shell rip it open
off you go
but you cut a gravel axe you want it
nice and thin so you want to see it so
you're cutting it at an angle if you've
got a blunt knife it's gonna be thick so
the texture of that fish it's a totally
different texture in it and it changes
the whole taste of that dish you know if
you cut it very thin and fine and it
looks transparent it's very delicate
it's better for the fish and that's for
certain things you know if you fill it
in fish badly you got no fish you got no
meat it's there's no flavor